Update gh CLI steps in adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account.md (#11722)
github/docs: content/authentication/connecting-to-github-with-ssh/adding-a-new-ssh-key-to-your-github-account.md

{% data reusables.cli.cli-learn-more %}

> You'll need to authenticate the GitHub CLI with your GitHub account before being able to add an ssh-key. If you have not already done so, use the following command and follow the prompts to authenticate and add your ssh public key to your GitHub account.
> 
> ```shell
> gh auth login
> ```
> 
> If you are already authenticated, use the commands below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can use the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} to add an SSH key to your account, you must authenticate to the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}. For more information, see [`gh auth login`](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_auth_login) in the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} documentation.
```

{% data reusables.cli.cli-learn-more %}

> Before you can use the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} to add an SSH key to your account, you must authenticate to the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}. For more information, see [`gh auth login`](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_auth_login) in the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can use the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} to add an SSH key to your account, you must authenticate to the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}. For more information, see [`gh auth login`](https://cli.github.com/manual/gh_auth_login) in the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %} documentation.

```
